today everything is left, I am pessimistic
a new video and good today I come to
talk to them about a pretty enough topic
serious and that makes me a little sad and it's
about games and their hacks before
nothing will leave in the description the link of
the page where the hack is
pretty scoundrels that up
they made a rash page in hack
for people to download it and not
I know if it's people who hate the truth this
game and want to ruin it and I do not know but
Well the truth is that the worst is
true there are many videos or pages where
they tell you they are hacks but the truth is not
no they are not hack they are virus or i do not know but i
I was playing today for the first time what
I played it I played it quite excited and
I wanted like a little boy I have not
mentioned enough times that I am a
fan I'm driving that I was following
this title for too long and good
it turns out that I'm playing normal I 'm going to
enter a door and kill me tell me
well he found me from I found
front with him I kill myself but I do not see the one
camps the enemy is running towards a
side of nowhere automatically turns
and start shooting where I'm going to
come in and I stayed like that I forgave and
he was playing like two hours and so
it was all all the games not
hacker was missing as I said I 'm
I just love playing soccer and there it is
where you could see all this more in domain and
all that was pretty weird but in the
games was where it appeared if you died
very appreciated days besides that the
wisp or not right now are a disgust has been
that was the typical countryman who
I put in a little box and you're so close
to his house or where he was hiding and already
start to shoot automatically and you
killed even kills you through the
walls is something that is loading
too much the game the truth
Well, this kind of complaint or not
I had to relieve myself by telling them this
how about you who have played this that
Has happened to them if they are kind to
commenting on the truth is something that puts
quite sad since I expected this
I play too much and I was going to buy it in
the xbox world that are 8 thousand 500 pesos
the most 1000 game console and now
I am like that I entered the doubt of
If I buy less, I'm not so
sure why why it's good they 're at
this is and I'm going through all this during
a whole year until the next one
hit and then you will not spend 9 thousand
500 pesos for nothing else to get angry not what
he
so good leave in the comments
you give me what you think, they know how to check in
description is the hack link and no
I know what gameplay I will leave you in the background
better one
that has to do with the hacker a
gameplay of a leaf hacker that I
I found this is the funnel this is for
those who do not know that he is imputed is the
tour nothing else squeezes the trigger of
shoot and he and you came through that yes what
could automatic to where it comes
take your enemy you do not move anything alone
tighten the shooting and
automatically moves in mexico not
it has to be nothing else but well
You will have seen it in the video if you
leave and I hope you liked it you know
see you in the next video bye bye
and good guys something that I forgot and
well, it's something that I forgot
tell them is that good here I left them
another gameplay two other gameplays but
they see them complete this video state in
juger comments wichi all those
that talk about hackers and a lot
people say that thing talking about the in
white and a lot of people say it's the
wood and good there are quite a few types of in
wood and the funnel has so to speak
several many roots so to speak
can since which dolls shoot
automatically to be an enemy until you
mark through the walls where it is
you are invincible and all that so good
here I leave you in the videos first to
what they will be seeing is a funnel
quite abrupt are those that were used
before in the modern warfare 2 to me to me
yes I had to use these or play with these
in boots because there were good times where
was hacked into the entire server and
everyone had the hack not
only one person but good these
they are the last votes
and well then they will see in a piece of
modern warfare 3 like another on a bus where
you bookmark the enemies and there and
nothing else has to shoot or is not
you doubt is not for automatically for you
it marks you where the enemies are
only and so there are quite a few types of
woods but to give you an idea
these are the six votes and now it is
colors have been followed
the video example and the 27 video goodbye